## About Me

I am a software engineer in Austin, Texas with an abundance of frontend
development experience with frameworks like React and Angular. I have been
at Google since June 2022, mainly doing UI development
[with Angular in the type-safe Dart ecosystem.](https://angulardart.xyz/)
Outside of work, I love experimenting with the latest and greatest TypeScript
or Dart packages and most recently (at the time of writing) have been
**absolutely delighted** by the developer experience of 
[SvelteKit.](https://kit.svelte.dev/)

I've enjoyed great opportunities over the past many years to hone the skills
that serve me well in software engineering roles. More than anything, I have
repeatedly found that building applications *(like many things!)* is a game of
breaking down big challenges into small, manageable chunks, then solving each
chunk with a few key tools. The *challenges* constantly change. The *tools*
regularly get replaced with newer, shinier ones. But, the process of
approaching tasks, splitting them, and completing them remains fairly constant.

---

Outside of tech, I've had some wild times like leading the worship band for 
Baptist Collegiate Ministry during my senior year, running lights for the Plain
White T's, hosting a radio show, and working on audio productions anywhere from
mixing in honky-tonk bars to recording the Greenville Symphony Orchestra. I've
been to the US Grand Prix, which was a wonderful time. I love music, any kind
of four-wheeled motorsports, rich coffees, and working on cars. One thing I 
find particularly relaxing is nature photography, where it's delightfully easy
to forget about bits, bytes, and pixels; enjoy; and try to capture the beauty 
of a moment:

<div class="gallery">
  <div class="grid">
    <img src="/img/about/yosemite-15-sm.jpeg" />
    <img src="/img/about/yosemite-14-sm.jpeg" />
    <img src="/img/about/yosemite-web-18-sm.jpeg" />
  </div>
  <div class="grid">
    <img src="/img/about/pinnacle-2-sm.jpeg" />
    <img src="/img/about/yosemite-12-sm.jpeg" />
    <img src="/img/about/pinnacle-4-sm.jpeg" />
  </div>
</div>

In summary, I've worn a lot of hats! There's no shortage of incredible places
to see and people to meet in this world. I do my best to get out there.

